$Id: HISTORY,v 1.10 2001/05/03 20:31:05 troc Exp troc $

*** 1.07 2001.11.18

Fixed t/cddb.t to not care *what* it gets as long as it gets
something.

*** 1.06 2001.07.17

Added get_mail_host() and get_mail_address() methods to query what the
module thinks your SMTP host and e-mail address are.  Their purpose is
to fetch values for confirmation or correction before submitting disc
records.

FreeDB servers sometimes emit error 530 on connection instead of the
regular 201 banner.  The CDDB module wouldn't handle this very well;
now it closes the connection and tries again automatically.

Disc submissions had hardcoded revisions of 1.  They should be 0 for
new discs and one more than the last for updates.  Fixed submit_disc()
to honor its documented Revision parameter.

Fixed submit_disc() to transmit e-mail submissions using ISO-8859-1
(Latin 1) and quoted-printable.  What's this mean?  Basically: Western
European characters won't get mangled by intermediate mail servers.

Drew Taylor discovered that the tests fail on MSWin32 because
getpwuid() isn't implemented on that platform.  Worked around its
absence on MSWin32 systems, and documented this bit of CDDB more
carefully.

*** 1.05 2001.05.03

Christoph Lorenz pointed out that the module is noisy even when
debugging is turned off.  I made sure that all the carp calls are
behind debuging checks.

*** 1.04 2001.03.24

Switched from cddb.com servers to freedb.org servers.  cddb.com has
been denying CDDB.pm users.

Made some of the tests even fuzzier.

*** 1.03 2000.03.27

Perl no longer likes defined(@array); tweak, tweak, tweak.

CDDB returns a different code for "Achtung, Baby"; tweak, tweak,
tweak.

Updated the default hosts with the most recent CDDB protocol sites
list; tweak, tweak, tweak.

*** 1.02 1999.08.13

Once again, someone has changed the compact disc record that CDDB
tests against.  This broke tests 16 (disc title) and 26 (track
titles).  Once again I have made the tests fuzzier, so they will pass
again.

This version's CDDB.pm is identical to 1.01's, except for the version
number.

*** 1.01 1999.07.16

Just as I was getting ready to celebrate a bug-free CDDB module, along
comes some Macintosh freak with spaces in his login ID (Hi, Schwern!).
So now the module squashes spaces and replaces them with underscores.
And if that isn't enough, CDDB's constructor now accepts an optional
Login parameter.

*** 1.00 1999.07.16

Whenever someone updates a CDDB record that cddb.t tests against, it
breaks the test.  It's a fairly harmless problem, but it does cause
CDDB not to pass its tests.  I'm fed up with it after a few
iterations, so I changed the hard "retrieved track offset != stored
one" tests with a more lenient "retrieved track offset within 5% of
stored one".

While I'm at it, make the title tests approximate by normalizing
whitespace and only comparing consonants.  Sort of an approximate
metaphone match.

Still to do: The genres and track-lengths tests haven't been made
fuzzy in this version.

*** 0.07-beta 1998.11.27

Added a list of CDDB servers inside CDDB.pm.  Added code to cycle
through the servers upon receipt of "417 Database access limit
reached" or connection errors.

Made t/cddb.t a little lamer for the sake of passing the fuzzy matches
tests.

Added information about the CDDB submission test to README.

Chris Nandor suggested a get_discs_after_calculating_id() macro
function.  Added it under the name get_discs_by_toc().

Whoops!  CDDB::message() was missing, but it was never called during
testing.  Until today.  Added CDDB::message().

*** 0.06-beta

Fixed newlines in submit_disc so they meet Net::Cmd expectations

Added the HISTORY file to track changes.

-EOF-
